# MyFBLA
You will receive a Github link to our Mobile App Project. Download the project from Github on a laptop, which will download as a zip-file. Extract the files from the zip-file. Open the MyFBLA App Code folder, in Android Studio. Once opened, click on the run option in the navigation bar at the top. Then, create a new virtual device. In the popup box, select the first phone and click next/finish till it is done. Finally, press ok when the dialog box appears asking which emulator to choose.

One of our development goals for MyFBLA was to ensure that its navigation was easy to use even for a first time user. All navigation processes have been thoroughly tested by our team to ensure that there are no errors present. Members have the option to either create an account, log in to an existing account, or continue as guest. If the member has signed into an account, then they have access to all features of MyFBLA. If the member is proceeding as a guest, they will have limited access to our features. 

Logged in members have access to the following features: LEARN, TEST, FORUM, HELP
Guests have access to the following features: LEARN, HELP

MyFBLA is an app to designed to test a member’s knowledge of FBLA through two main features: LEARN and TEST. LEARN allows the member to study the ins and outs of FBLA using a wide variety of questions and answers covering six topics including Competitive Events, Business Skills, National Office & Officers, Parliamentary Procedure, National Conference, and FBLA History. There is no time limit, and the user can study at their own pace. Once the user feels confident with their knowledge of FBLA, they can proceed to the TEST feature. The member will be given a 10 question test which draws random questions from our vast Q&A bank. The member will receive 15 seconds per question; if the question is not answered within the time limit then it will be considered incorrect and the test will move on to the next question. At the top of the screen, there are two test performance indicators which include the timer and the score bar. When the user gets a question correct, then the green score bar will increase in length. When the user gets a question incorrect, then the green score bar does not move. The goal is to try and get 100%, which means that the score bar reaches from one end to the other. 

From the LEARN feature, we incorporated social media into the program to allow the member to share a question that they were stuck or confused with on all social media platforms downloaded on their device (including Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook, etc.). Additionally, we have implemented a FORUM feature for members to communicate with other members regarding MyFBLA questions or FBLA questions in general. This open chat will be monitored by MyFBLA moderators to ensure there is no profanity present. 

All code for the MyFBLA app has been organized by screen and function to add organization to the development. Code is error free, commented, and written completely with Java. 

Graphics for MyFBLA were carefully curated to provide both a simple, yet elegant feel to the app. There are only minimal backgrounds and to keep the focus purely on the content. We didn’t want the members to get distracted by flashy colors or graphics. Also, our logo was created to provide a member with a quick understanding of what MyFBLA does. By showing a cartoon image of a multiple choice question, the user can understand that MyFBLA is a knowledge-based app for studying and testing. In addition to our own logo, we add the FBLA logo in certain locations to establish our purpose as an FBLA-focused learning tool. 

While we have thoroughly tested our app for bugs, we must always be prepared if a bug were to pop up. To counter this, we have added a bug reporting system that can be found in the HELP feature. This is accessible to both logged in members and guest members. 
